Welcome back.
It's time for a little exercise.
Why do you think linked lists may be better than hash tables or erase just from what we know right now.
I want you to answer this question in your head or write it down before you go into the next video.
I also want to show you a nifty little tool that I will link to in this video and this little visual
shows you how a linked list works so you can play around with it and see where they might shine.
Over arrays or hash tables you see over here we have a head with a value of 22 and a tail with a value
of eighty nine.
And then other nodes connecting all of them and you can use this Web site to do anything to a linked
list.
You can create.
You can search you can insert you can remove.
Let's do a insert here.
I can either insert to the head if I click here and if I click go I enter the value a 5 I can insert
to the tail at the very end.
If I had go all right that's seems pretty simple nothing too crazy.
What if we insert somewhere in the middle.
If I click over here and let's say an index of two I want to insert the value of 90 or less increase
that to 93 I hit go keep an eye on what's about to happen
oh boy what just happened.
Don't worry.
It looks a little bit complicated and we're actually going to code this all ourselves and build this
in.
But I want you to play around with this data structure and in your head come up with why we might want
to use something like this.
And then the next video I'm going to tell you all about it.
So you can test whether your assumptions are correct.
I'll see in the next one.